# Entry 2: Neuroendoscopy
##### 11/28/23

## Content 

There were two types of research I was mainly focusing on, which is software and hardware technologies that were used for neuroendoscopy (my topic). Software is a type or part of technology produced by people, allows users to perform a particular task or process using a computer or any technological device while hardware Technology refers to the physical components of a computer. Computer Hardware is any part of the computer that we can touch these parts (tools). For my topic I was able to find multiple software and hardware technologies.

Software technologies such as apps that relate to my topic enhance our knowledge. An app such as [Surgeon's Brain : A General Surgery Reference Companion](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/surgeons-brain-a-general-surgery-reference-companion/id1061429200 ) which gives general knowledge to prepare for exams and presentations, easy followed formats that are understable, and includes up to date references. There are many more apps I explore, another app I found useful is [WebMD: Symptom Checker](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/webmd-symptom-checker/id295076329). I found this app useful because it is able to check and track your symptoms, create medication reminders, and you’re able to find doctors and book appointments too. These software apps can give me understanding on neuroendoscopy and how I want to make my webpage look like, it give me so much information that can help me with my freedom project. I was able to find these with searching up apps that were related to my topics like "brain surgeon app" or "Neuroendoscopy app". Sometimes with searches I was unable to find them so I revised my searches into something that could be related to brain surgery. 

Hardware technologies such as tools that gives us a visual on how neuroendoscopy can be treated/used. A took such as the [MRI scan](https://www.kth.se/polopoly_fs/1.632263.1599187676!/image/MRI_Photo_1.jpg) that is used for disease detection, diagnosis, and treatment monitoring. There are many tools that are used in brain surgery such as [Brain surgery Tools](https://media.springernature.com/m685/springer-static/image/art%3A10.1038%2Fs41578-023-00565-x/MediaObjects/41578_2023_565_Fig1_HTML.png). I find these pictures useful because it gives me a visual or idea on what the tools are and lets me know what they are used for. [Neurosurgical Instruments from Millennium Surgical](https://www.surgicalinstruments.com/neurosurgical-instruments-from-millennium-surgical) is a website that gives you a better list of tools and you can interact with the website to get information about the tools. I was able to find these images and websites by searching up "brain surgeon tools" and "MRI scan", although the search was pretty easy but finding the right image to fit was hard. I was mostly looking for tools that nobody knows and make sure they have descriptions on it as well.

## Skills 

#### Growth mindset
I was able to grow my mindset doing the software and hardware research because my patiences is very low and I cannot focus on something for too long. When I was unable to find the information needed, I started losing patiences and started doing other things. Although that wasn't a good thing so I tried to take things slow and manage my patiences. Growth mindset can be beneficial because it helps me be motivated when I face challenges and increased resilience when faced with failure or mistakes.

#### How to Google
Knowing how to google is important because there are simple ways to find things you are looking for fast and simple. For example when it came to researching things, I did not know what to start researching things, like was it this or that? I realized researching things based on what my topic is and what I'm looking for, like "brain surgery apps". Knowing how to google is about understanding what I am looking for and seeking the answer to my questions and using shortcuts like "ctrl" "f" which lets me search a specific word and find it quicker. Knowing how to google can help me save time and have stronger answers.

#### Consideration
There was consideration of where I want to do other topics like law but I think to myself which would be more important for my viewers. It was between law or neuroendoscopy so I chose neuroendoscopy because I found it beneficial and it was a topic I am into. Creating the topic neuroendoscopy can impact people's knowledge on this and help them give a visual of what I created. I don't think there would be a negative impact of what I create but some may disagree with what I create. Consideration can be important to know what our viewers will think or what they will see.

## Next Steps
I would like to be able to add on to what I have already and make it into something bigger and understandable as my next step.
